## Amazing Story Title Here <!-- figure this one out over a later pull request-->

Once upon a time, in the far northern reaches of the rocky coastline, where the winds were cold and the waves crashed relentlessly, there dwelt deep within the cavernous crags of the seaside mountains a lone sorcerer. He'd made a home for himself within the cliffsides, safe from the rising tides and harsh winds by the hollow cavern that had become his abode. It was here, shielded from the elements, that he created his dark hearth of gathered driftwood and seastones, not only to provide him fire and warmth, but to aid in his solitary studies and research of the Dark Arcana of the Seas.

<!-- new section can start here-->
The sorcerer’s cave was littered with soft flickering candles. Illuminating a cave full of leather bound books and scrolls full of velvet black ink. A nearby shipwreck provided the whale oil needed to fuel the sorcerer’s experiments. The echoes of crashing waves were drowned out by the high pitched screech of a kettle. Half broken bottles served as beakers. He widened his pupils to snap out of an enchanted gaze and approached his alchemy lab. As he poured water into the beaker, the escaping steam from the kettle brought life into the sorcerer’s shadowy dark eyes. The sorcerer seizes a pinch of fine powder from his water stained leather pouch and begins a soft humm.

<!-- new section can start here-->
After three soft hums the sorcerer disperses the pinch of fine powder into the escaping steam from the kettle. Then a human-like figure begins to appear in the middle of a vortex cloud that was created. As the sorcerer continues the soft hums he begins to syncronize the rhythmic swaying of his arms from left to right as if it were some kind of dance and his hums were the mesmerizing music. The once soft flickering candles began to burn brighter and the human-life figure that first appeared began to take on more distinctive qualities. The cloud vortex increased in size and the sorcerer could see the face clearly now with mahogany skin. One of the eyes were a clear sky blue as the other was a dark clouded grey. With each blink of the eyes they would simultaneously switch colors. The left eye went from grey to blue to grey again continuously as the right eye were the exact opposite. From blue to grey and back to blue with each blink. The sorcerer then speaks in a almighty voice, "I've found her."

<!-- new section can start here-->
The sorcerer's minions came rushing down the stairs, frantically chanting an ancient poem. The figure continued to emerge from the cloud vortex and when it had dissipated, a small woman in a black hood remained. Her face was littered with fear, but she stood there in silence holding a golden light in her hands. The sorcerer moved to console her. “My daughter”, he exclaimed after a moment of shock, “I have finally found you”. The woman took one look at his face and scowled. She turned to run but with one motion of the sorcerer's hand, the woman was whisked away into a nearby cage. The sorcerers' minions all giggled in excitement. “Silence!”, the sorcerer commanded, “the final piece of the puzzle is complete. All these years and my work can finally be completed.  You are the key daughter”. The woman side eyes him, shifting towards an old rusted bar of the cage which she begins to try to dislodge.

<!-- new section can start here-->
