## Sorcerer by the Sea 
Once upon a time, in the far northern reaches of the rocky coastline, where the winds were cold and the waves crashed relentlessly, there dwelt deep within the cavernous crags of the seaside mountains a lone sorcerer. He'd made a home for himself within the cliffsides, safe from the rising tides and harsh winds by the hollow cavern that had become his abode. It was here, shielded from the elements, that he created his dark hearth of gathered driftwood and seastones, not only to provide him fire and warmth, but to aid in his solitary studies and research of the Dark Arcana of the Seas.

The sorcerer’s cave was littered with soft flickering candles, illuminating a cave full of leather bound books and scrolls full of velvet black ink. A nearby shipwreck provided the whale oil needed to fuel the sorcerer’s experiments. The echoes of crashing waves were drowned out by the high pitched screech of a kettle. Half broken bottles served as beakers. He widened his pupils to snap out of an enchanted gaze and approached his alchemy lab. As he poured water into the beaker, the escaping steam from the kettle brought life into the sorcerer’s shadowy dark eyes. The sorcerer seizes a pinch of fine powder from his water stained leather pouch and began a soft humm.

After three soft hums the sorcerer dispersed the pinch of fine powder into the escaping steam from the kettle. Then a human-like figure began to appear in the middle of a vortex cloud that was created. As the sorcerer continued the soft hums, he began to syncronize the rhythmic swaying of his arms from left to right as if it were some kind of dance and his hums were the mesmerizing music. The once soft flickering candles began to burn brighter and the human-like figure that first appeared began to take on more distinctive qualities. The cloud vortex increased in size and the sorcerer could see the face clearly now with mahogany skin. One of the eyes was a clear sky blue as the other was a dark clouded grey. With each blink of the eye, they would simultaneously switch colors. The left eye went from grey to blue to grey again continuously as the right was the exact opposite. From blue to grey and back to blue with each blink. The sorcerer then spoke in an almighty voice, "I've found her."

The sorcerer's minions came rushing down the stairs, frantically chanting an ancient rhyme. The figure continued to emerge from the cloud vortex and when it had dissipated, a small woman in a black hood remained. Her face was littered with fear, but she stood there in silence holding a golden light in her hands. The sorcerer moved to console her. “My daughter”, he exclaimed after a moment of shock, “I have finally found you!" The woman took one look at his face and scowled. She turned to run but with one motion of the sorcerer's hand, the woman was whisked away into a nearby cage. The sorcerers' minions all giggled in excitement. “Silence!”, the sorcerer commanded, “the final piece of the puzzle is complete. All these years and my work can finally be completed.  You are the key, daughter.” The woman side-eyed him, shifting towards an old rusted bar of the cage which she began to try and dislodge.

Thalassa, the sorcerer's daughter, struggled to become free and realized there was no escape. "What do you want from me?!" she exclaimed. He answered, "You are my daughter who was taken from me long ago, I have been searching for a way to bring you back!" She looked confused and replied, "Then why have you caged me?" He gently responded by saying "I have only contained so you cannot leave me once again, I need a chance to explain and prove to you that you are indeed my daughter." He went on to explain, "When you were just a baby you were taken by Aipaloovik, he has kept you trapped in the underworld and has been drawing from your powers." The woman sat with a befuddled look on her face, trying to absorb all that was being told to her.

"The light you hold," the sorcerer implored, "is the same light your mother once held." Thalassa's eyes widened at his remark, the disbelief suspended in her gaze. "You... you know of my mother?" The sorcerer nodded and softened his expression as he spoke, "Yes, very well in fact. We both sought you for many years as well be-before..." and his voice trailed, "...before her light, too, was taken." He paused a moment and saw his gaze met in his daughter's flickering eyes. "She was a beautiful, powerful woman who sought after you for many years. You, too, hold her same light: the light that Aipaloovik wished to control and take for his own. She possessed great skill and magic, and a mother's true determination, though her magic could not save her in her final confrontation with the powers of the underworld. I've since taken to searching for you through ... my own methods," he said with a flourish of his arm to the books and beakers that surrounded her cage, "and it seems my search has not been in vain."

A loud thunder strikes, the force of the sound brings Thalassa’s ears to a ring. She closes her eyes, triggering a memory from the underworld. Thalassa can feel hot humid air surrounding her face. Her eyes open wide as she stoically watches a volcano erupting. She is in a high tower surrounded by bones and streams of molten rock.  A door swings open and the outline of a horned creature emerges. As the creature approaches it whispers “Thalassa, the daughter of the almighty wizard, Merlin. Have you started practicing the spells I taught you?”. The horned creature approaches a nearby bed and reveals a soft skinned humanlike famine face with protruding horns and humanlike scaly hands. Thalassa replies. “Yes, Aipaloovik”.

Aipaloovik, a demon of the underworld, has been holding Thalassa captive for many years. The demon has been teaching Thalassa magic. As Thalassa’s magic abilities grow, Aipaloovik draws from her powers to slowly transform into a famine humanlike creature. Each time Aipaloovick touches Thalassa, Thalassa slowly ages and Aipaloovik becomes more human. 

As Thalassa snaps back from her flashback from the underworld she screamed, "Aipaloovik!!!" It was so loud and high pitched that Merlin had to shield his ears with magic and some of Merlin's minions fainted from the sheer sound. The cage that was holding Thalassa captive, began to melt into liquid gold until she was free. Merlin then spoke, "I knew that cage wouldn't hold you for long. However, I did think it would hold you longer than it did. Your powers seem limitless. It's as if Aipaloovik barely pulled a tip of the iceberg worth of your light." Merlin then went to grab a black box with no lock or name on it. He told Thalassa that only her magic could open the box because the power needed to be opened with be both Merlin's and Ferra's, her mother, magic. And since her mother was gone. Only she could open it now. 

Thalassa grabbed the box with both hands and closed her eyes. Each hand started to glow an aura the same color as each of her eyes. The left hand was clear sky blue. The right hand was clouded grey. She then drew the box close to her lips and whispered, "Baranacus lo widdim" The box then widened in her hands and a keyhole appeared. The aura Thalassa's left and right hands merged to form a key. She then spoke, "Open sesame!" The aura key went into the keyhold to unlock the box and a book appeared. Merlin bewildered asked, "How did you know to speak that?? I was just going to tell you what to do to open it." Thalassa opened her eyes to look at the book and told her father. "I don't know. I felt drawn to the box and as I grasped it the words just came over me." Merlin's look of bewilderment turned into a smile as he told her, "You are definitely your mother's child."

"What is it?" Thalassa stammered, still in shock. The book was a deep burgundy with gold engravings all around it. She could feel it's power, and something inside of her told her that she should open it. Merlin stared with wide eyes as she opened the book and a light poured out. "We have finally found it my daughter." he exclaimed,"the key to bringing peace to all of the land and holding back the demons of the underworld. This is the life spell and it has the ability end hunger and quell the fury that resides within our fellow men". She could feel the energy exuding from within. "You must be the one to cast it, daughter. Please follow me." , Merlin said as he beckoned for her to follow him to the peak of the mountain in which the lair resided. At the top, Thalassa looked out over the land, realizing what a great responsibility had been placed upon her shoulders. She approached a shrine at the peak of the mountain and placed the book down. Then she opened it and began to read.

A radiance came from the pages that could only be seen by Thalassa. The first incataton was a blessing for the unfruitful land called ecerbot. She began to read about the magical chant and what objects and potions would be necessary to carry out the magic that would bring the people out of hunger and strengthen them to aid in overtaking Aipaloovik. Thalassa felt a warmth come over her, she had come from a world of evil into a place where she and her father could work to create a world of benevolence, mirth, and profusion.
